Update security section about uid scope (#794)
zalando/restful-api-guidelines: chapters/security.adoc

[source,yaml]
----
security:

> - BearerAuth: [ api-repository.read ]

Author: This is from running 
```
make format
```

Reviewer: `make format` is experimental and the before format is more aligned with our expectations - I think. @SmilyOrg  what do you think.

Author: I restored the original format

Reviewer: Thanks :smiley:

== {MUST} define and assign permissions (scopes)

APIs must define permissions to protect their resources. Thus, at least one

> permission must be assigned to each API endpoint. You should use the `uid`

Author: Would typically be good to add here, or does "should" kind of include it as terminology?
```suggestion
permission must be assigned to each API endpoint. You should typically use the `uid`
```

Reviewer: There is no alternative to `uid` for the use case, so I hope without `typically` this is much clearer.

Author: There is no alternative to `uid` as a default scope. But there is alternative to use additional scopes for reason XYZ. "SHOULD" would possibly include that you "MAY" use other scopes. I do not know what is the clearest way to represent that there might be exceptions.

Reviewer 2: It is a must rule -- the PR I proposed makes it a bit clearer https://github.com/zalando/restful-api-guidelines/pull/798/files#diff-5dc5d5e7874b03c87880339a829d18faa591365191f05caa2e9911b3419282e5R66-R68

> pseudo-scope to allow read-only (?) access to public and employee-only data

Author: Looks good, but what is the. `(?)` referring to here?

Reviewer: Ja, that's a good question. I missed to remove this before merging. @SmilyOrg any reason for keeping this in?

== {MUST} define and assign permissions (scopes)

APIs must define permissions to protect their resources. Thus, at least one

> permission must be assigned to each API endpoint. The `uid` default scope can be used
> for publicly available data, but should be declared explicitly (see details below).

Reviewer: @oporkka I'm not sure about the connection of `uid` scope and `public available data` here. I think the context is much more complex and the simple formulation can create an incorrect understanding. May be the following suggestion is can improve on your extension:

```suggestion
permission must be assigned to each API endpoint. Often, the pseudo-scope `uid`
can be used to expose date allowed to be shared within a realm, e.g. `users`
(data classified as `gree`), or `employees` (data classified as `yellow`). For
sensitive data (`orange` or `red`), the `uid` scope based authorization must be
either accompanied by individual object level authorization or use role based
permissions through specific scopes.
```

Reviewer 3: @tkrop I think that's a good addition. I would even more directly say that green and yellow data -> uid.
```suggestion
permission must be assigned to each API endpoint. You should use the `uid`
pseudo-scope to allow read-only (?) access to public and employee-only data
(classified as `green` and `yellow` respectively). For sensitive data (`orange`
or `red`), the `uid` scope based authorization must be either accompanied by
individual object level authorization or use role based through specific scopes.
```

Reviewer: 👍  - re-added the missing `permissions` to `role based permissions through specific scopes`.
